we're here with defensive coordinator
coach Tom Newman coach what do we see
out here today oh we got you know over a
hundred kids out here working hard they
show up at 6:00 a.m. which is the
dedication thing and you got to be
disciplined to do that so that's the
number one thing that should impress any
other thing is that they're working
extremely hard and they're pushing each
other it builds a little bit of team
camaraderie we got players from almost
every sports team at Newman Smith now we
saw you conducting all kinds of drills
out here today what's your favorite
drill
I like this drill we're about to do
right now called the squeaky drill it's
just changing directions they have to go
off on my commands and it's just a
matter of body control so what's your
primary goal of summer conditioning we
want to get these kids faster and
stronger and more discipline all right
we'll let you get back after it thanks
coach
Oh